Path: news!news.crl.dec.com!pa.dec.com!nobody
Message-Id: <9205280023.AA02625@xenon.lcs.mit.edu>
To: fix-trackers@expo.lcs.mit.edu
Cc: mor@expo.lcs.mit.edu
Subject: (seq: 2569) PEXlib sources available
Date: Wed, 27 May 92 20:23:14 EDT
From: Ralph Mor <mor@expo.lcs.mit.edu>
Distribution: dec
X-Mailing-List: fix-trackers@expo.lcs.mit.edu
X-Disclaimer: This message originated from a mailing list outside of Digital.
Newsgroups: dec.mail.lists.x.fix-trackers
Approved: news@usenet.pa.dec.com

The PEXlib Sample Implementation is now available to Consortium members.
This release has all functionality except for (1) encode/decode of output
commands, and (2) floating point conversion.

In separate mail, you should receive 3 pieces of a uuencoded compressed
tar file.  You should also receive in a separate message a patch for
the Imake configuration files (so that's a total of 4 more mail messages
you should get).

Once you get the 3 uuencoded pieces, strip out the mail header text
from each file.  Then concatenate them into one file and uudecode...

cat PEXlib.pt1 PEXlib.pt2 PEXlib.pt3 | uudecode

This will create file PEXlib.tar.Z (make sure it is placed in your
mit root directory).

Next, uncompress and untar ...

uncompress -c PEXlib.tar.Z | tar xvf -


This will create directory ./extensions/lib/PEXlib and place the
sources, headers, and Imakefile in the directory.

Note : Unfortunately, directory ./extensions/lib/PEX has already been
reserved for PHIGS.  Rather than force everyone to rename this directory,
I have chosen to place PEXlib in directory ./extensions/lib/PEXlib.
When PEX 6.0 comes around, we will fix these directory names.

Once you have applied the patch for the Imake configuration files, you
should be ready to build PEXlib.

Note that PEXlib is being shipped with header files PEX.h, PEXproto.h,
and PEXprotost.h.  These headers are essentially the same as the ones
found in the PEX server, but have undergone a few name changes.  For
now, PEX and PEXlib will each have their own set of header files.
Eventually, the PEX SI will have to be updated to work with the PEXlib
header files.


Until a PEXlib spec is available for review, you are best off looking
at the function prototypes defined in PEXlib.h to see what the PEXlib
entry points look like.

All bugs should be reported through the usual X Consortium bug
filing method.  Use "PEXlib" in the subject line to distinguish it
as a PEXlib bug.


Thanks,

  Ralph Mor
  MIT X Consortium

