Path: news!news.crl.dec.com!pa.dec.com!nobody
Message-Id: <9208102324.AA05377@xenon.lcs.mit.edu>
To: fix-trackers@expo.lcs.mit.edu
Cc: mor@expo.lcs.mit.edu
Subject: (seq: 2643) PEXlib update info
Date: Mon, 10 Aug 92 19:24:35 EDT
From: Ralph Mor <mor@expo.lcs.mit.edu>
Distribution: dec
X-Mailing-List: fix-trackers@expo.lcs.mit.edu
X-Disclaimer: This message originated from a mailing list outside of Digital.
Newsgroups: dec.mail.lists.x.fix-trackers
Approved: news@usenet.pa.dec.com

I'm sending out 3 patch files to be applied to the PEXlib sources.

- Files pl_util.c and pl_util.h contain the PEXlib utility functions.
  Make sure you do a 'make depend' to update your dependencies.  Note
  that your PEXlib application must now link with the math library.

- Prior to this patch, all of the strings used for PEX error messages
  were hardcoded into PEXlib.  Now, the Xlib error database is used.
  I noticed that the file XErrorDB for the R5 release did not contain
  any of the PEX stuff in it.  As a result, in order to get proper
  PEXlib error message printing at this point, YOU MUST APPLY FIX-TRACKERS
  SEQUENCE NUMBER 2642 to get the updated XErrorDB file.

- PEXInitialize has been modified to conform to Jeff Stevenson's proposed
  resolution in his 8/7 Mail.  If this resolution is not adapted, I will
  have to send out another patch.  I didn't want to wait for the final
  resolution before sending this patch.

  PEXInitialize uses the Xlib error database routines to obtain the error
  strings for that function.  The default error strings are hardcoded into
  the source code, but if you want to define your own error strings (for
  internationalization, for example), you can modify the XErrorDB file.

- For Output Command errors, PEXlib will now print the OC opcode and the
  number of output commands processed in the error message.  Note that
  this required the use of some R5 specific Xlib routines (XESetWireToError
  and XESetPrintErrorValues), so you won't have luck linking PEXlib on R4.
  Also, when I added this stuff, a few bugs were found in Xlib.  Make
  sure you apply fix-trackers sequence numbers 2613 and 2614, or else
  the formatting of the error message will be screwed up.

- A dozen or so functions were modified to return Status.

- A bug was fixed in which OCs were not being synched if XSynchronize
  was called.

- For Quad Meshes, let's hope I never have to change this again...

       Mpts = # cols,  Npts = # rows


Ralph Mor
MIT X Consortium
