1  Using Help
=TITLE Using the Help System
=KEYWORD Help 
=INCLUDE Overview

  For an overview of the DECwindows help system, choose On 
  Window from the Using Help menu above.

  You will see a number of additional topics with 
  information on tasks you can perform using the help 
  system.


2 OnWindow
=TITLE Overview of Mail
=KEYWORD Overview

 Mail allows you to exchange electronic mail messages
 with other computer users. 
 
 You can use mail to send memos, personal messages 
 and files to other users. You can read, reply to, or 
 forward the messages sent to you. 

 Mail stores your messages in files called folders.

 For more information about using Mail, double click
 on an item in the list of additional topics below.

 For more information about using help, choose On Help 
 from the Help menu in the Main window.

2 DECBasics
=TITLE DECBasics
=TITLE DECwindows Basics
=INCLUDE OnWindow

 Information about using DECwindows, such as how to use
 windows, dialog boxes, and scroll bars, is available
 from Session Manager help. A glossary of DECwindows
 terms is also available. To get Session Manager help:

 1. Move the pointer to the Session Manager icon (the
    icon that contains a small key in it) in the Icon
    Box.

 2. Press mouse button 1 (MB1) twice quickly to display
    the Session Manager window.

 3. Move the pointer to the Help menu; press and hold
    MB1 to pull down this menu.

 4. Move the pointer to the Overview menu item and
    release MB1 to display information about using
    DECwindows.

2 OnMainOutline
=TITLE Folder/Messages Area
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnMainWindow OnSelecting_Groups
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnReading
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnCreating_and_Sending
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnForwarding OnForwarding_Main
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnPrinting OnPrinting_Main
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnDeleting OnDeleting_Main
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnMoving OnMoving_Outline
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnCopying OnCopying_Main
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnPicking
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnMainOutline

 This area of the Main window lists the messages
 in the currently opened folder. When you first start 
 Mail, this area contains a list of the messages in 
 your inbox folder.

 The push buttons at the bottom of this area apply
 to a selected message or group of messages.

 The message push buttons are not highlighted until you
 select a message by clicking MB1 on either the message 
 or the envelope icon.



2 OnMainWindow
=TITLE Main Window
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnReading 
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnCreating_and_Sending
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnForwarding OnForwarding_Main
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnPrinting OnPrinting_Main
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnDeleting OnDeleting_Main
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnMoving OnMoving_Main
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnCopying OnCopying_Main
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnPicking
=INCLUDE OnWindow

 The Main Window displays your mail folders and lists
 the messages in the currently opened folder.

 When you receive new messages, Mail draws a border 
 around your inbox folder.

 Messages are selected by clicking MB1 on the message or 
 the envelope icon.

 Message functions apply to either a single selected
 message or a group of selected messages.


3 OnSelecting_Groups
=TITLE Selecting More than One Message
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnMainWindow

 To select a sequential group of messages:
 1. Place the pointer on the first message to be selected.
 2. Press MB1.
 3. Drag the pointer to the last message to be selected.
 4. Release MB1.

 To add another single message to the current selection:
 1. Place the pointer on the envelope icon or the table-of
    contents line of the message to be included.
 2. Hold down the Control key and click MB1.

 To remove a message from the current selection:
 1. Place the pointer on the envelope icon or the table-of
    contents of the message to be removed.
 2. Hold the Control key and click MB1.


3 OnMainMenubar
=TITLE Main Window Menus
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnMainWindow

 The Main window Menus are:

 File:
 Use the items on this menu to close the Mail
 windows or leave the application.

 Edit:
 Use the items to select text and copy it to
 the clipboard. It is also used to delete messages
 and reverse an uncommitted move or delete
 operation.

 Pick:
 Use the items on this menu to pick out groups
 of related messages from a folder.

 Create-Send:
 Use the items on this menu to create and send a new
 mail message.

 Read:
 Use the items on this menu to read the messages in
 a folder or to read your new mail.

 Maintenance:
 Use the items on this menu to create, open or
 delete folders.

 Customize:
 Use this menu to customize the way Mail behaves.

 Help:
 Use this item to get help about the application.

 For more information about the items on each 
 menu, click on the menu name in the list of 
 additional topics below.


4 OnMainFileMenu
=TITLE File Menu
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnMainWindow OnMainMenubar

The pull-down File menu offers you eight options, which
are described below.

Move

This option allows you to move mail to a folder that you
created with the Create Folder command in the Maintenance menu.
To move a mail message, highlight it by clicking on it
with MB1, then select Move in the File menu.  A message box will appear,
asking you where to move the mail.  Type the folder name, then  
click on OK to move the mail to the folder.  If you want to cancel
the move operation, click on Cancel.  If you want on-line help
about moving, click on Help.


Copy

This option allows you to copy mail to a folder that you 
created with the Create Folder command in the Maintenance menu.
To copy a mail message, highlight it by clicking on it
with MB1, then select Copy in the File menu.  A message box will appear,
asking you where to copy the mail.  Type the folder name, then
click on OK to copy the mail to the folder.  If you want to cancel
the copy operation, click on Cancel.  If you want on-line help
about copying, click on Help. 

Extract

This option allows you to extract any selected mail message.  To  
select a message, highlight it by clicking on it with MB1, then 
select Extract in the File menu.  A dialog box will appear, and
you will be prompted for a directory and/or file name for the 
extracted message. After you have typed that information, click on
OK to extract the message. If you want to filter the message, click
on Filter. If you want to cancel the extract operation, click on 
Cancel.  If you want on-line help about extracting, click on Help.
   
Print...

This option allows you to print mail to a specific printer.
You can print either the entire message (which would include the
header and footer), or just the body of the message.  To use this
option, highlight the message you want to print by clicking on it
with MB1, then select Print... in the File menu.  A dialog box will
appear with the following attributes:  number of copies, page range,
orientation (default, portrait, or landscape), print format, destination
printer, options, and time to print.  After you have entered your
print selections, click on OK to print to the specified printer.  If
you want to cancel the print operation, click on Cancel.  If you want
on-line help about printing, click on Help.

Print


This option allows you to print mail to a default printer,
or to a printer specified in the resources file, e.g., 
~/dxMail, against the following resource names:

*PrintCommand: lpr -P<printer-name1> [for printing the entire message]
*StrippedPrintCommand: lpr -P<printer-name3> [for printing the body
only]

If none of these resources is specified, mail will be sent to the 
default printer specified by the environmental variable called PRINTER.
To use this option, highlight the message you want to print by clicking
on it with MB1, then click on Print in the File menu.  This gives a 
choice of two options -- Entire Message or Body Only.  Select the
appropriate one.


Open Folder

This option allows you to open a mail folder you created
with the Create Folder option in the Maintenance menu.  To use this
option, double-click on the folder you want to open.  The mail messages
in that folder will appear in the mail window.

Open Folder in New

This option allows you to open a mail folder in a
new mail window.

Deliver Mail

This option delivers newly-arrived mail to the inbox
folder.

Exit

This option closes the Main Mail window and any associated Read
or Create-Send windows on your desktop. Any other Main windows will
remain open.  If you have any unfinished mail message drafts, you
will be prompted to save them.


4 OnMainEditMenu
=TITLE Edit Menu
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnMainWindow OnMainMenubar

The pull-down Edit menu offers you four options, which are
described below.

Delete

This option allows you to remove mail messages.  To
delete a message, highlight it by clicking on it with MB1,
then select Delete from the Edit menu.  The word "Deleted"
will appear next to the message.  Select Commit Changes from
the Maintenance menu, and the message will disappear.

Undo Move/Delete

If you decide not to move or delete a mail message you have
marked for either operation, select Undo Move/Delete from
the Edit menu.  Note that you cannot undo either operation
once you  have opened another mail folder or selected Commit
Changes from the Maintenance menu.

Copy to Clipboard

This option allows you to copy a mail message (or part of it) to
a clipboard (e.g., a Create-Send window). To perform this operation,
open the message you want to copy, mark the beginning of the block
of text by clicking on it with MB1, then drag the mouse to the end
of the block of text.  (The text will be highlighted.)  Select
Copy to Clipboard from the Edit menu, then place the pointer in
the clipboard (window) and press MB2.   

Select All

This option allows you to select all the mail messages in a mail
window and then delete them, or move or copy them to a different
folder.  To perform this operation, choose Select All from the
Edit menu.  (All the messages will become highlighted, indicating
that they've been selected.)
 

4 OnMainPickMenu
=TITLE Pick Menu
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnPicking Pick_Dialog
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnPicking OnSequences
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnMainWindow OnMainMenubar


The pull-down Pick menu offers you seven options, which are
described below.

Pick from Selected Folder

This option allows you to specify criteria for selecting messages
from any mail folder and for creating a new message sequence. To perform 
this operation, click with MB1 on the folder you want to select,
then choose Pick from Selected Folder from the Pick menu.  A
Pick dialog box will appear.  Type the folder name, sequence, and
the date range you want to use, then click on OK. Click on Close to
dismiss the dialog box. 

Pick from Opened Folder

This option allows you to specify criteria for selecting messages
from an open mail folder and for creating a new message sequence.  To perform
this operation,select Pick from Opened Folder from the Pick menu. A
Pick dialog box will appear.  Type the folder name, sequence, and
the date range you want to use, then click on OK.  Click on Close to
dismiss the dialog box.

Create New Sequence

This option allows you to specify the name of a new sequence.  The
sequence will not contain any mail messages, unless you have added some
by using the Pick dialog box by picking from a selected or opened
folder. 

Open Sequence

This option allows you to open the last specified sequence, or one
that you select from the submenu. This option is disabled (not high-
lighted) until the folder contains sequences other than the all
sequence.

Add to Sequence

This option allows you to add selected messages to the sequence that
you select from the submenu.  This option is disabled (not highlighted)
until the folder contains sequences other than the all sequence.

Remove from Sequence

This option allows you to remove selected messages from the sequence 
that you select from the submenu.  This option is disabled (not high-
lighted) until the folder contains sequences other than the all
sequence.

Delete Sequence

This option allows you to remove a sequence that you select from the
submenu.  It does not delete the messages in the sequence. 


4 OnMainCreateMenu
=Title Create-Send Menu
=Include OnWindow OnMainWindow OnMainMenubar

The pull-down Create-Send menu offers you five options, which
are described below.

New Message

This option allows you to create a new mail message.  

File

This option allows you to create a new message using an existing
file.  After you select this from the Create-Send menu, a dialog
box will appear, displaying directories and files which you can use.
Double-click on the directory and/or file with MB1 to select it.
A Create-Send window will appear, with the file you selected.

Reply

This option allows you to reply to mail messages from other 
electronic mail users.  Click on the message you want to reply
to, then select Reply from the Create-Send menu. A Create-Send
window will appear, with the appropriate header. Type in your
response, then click on Send.

Forward

This option allows you to forward a mail message to another 
electronic mail user(s).  Click on the message you want to forward,
then select Forward from the Create-Send menu.  A Create-Send window
will appear with the message you want to forward.  Type in the
appropriate forwarding information (To:, cc:, and Subject:), then
click on Send. 

Use as Comp

This option allows you to use a selected mail message as the basis for
a new message.  Click on the message you want to use, then select
Use as Comp from the Create-Send menu.  A Create-Send window will
appear, which you can edit.  Click on Send when you're done. 


4 OnMainReadMenu
=TITLE Read Menu
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnMainWindow OnMainMenubar


The pull-down Read menu offers you five options, which
are described below.

In New

This option allows you to display a selected mail message in 
a new Read window, regardless of whether a default Read window
is already displayed on your desktop.

In Default

This option allows you to display a selected mail message in
the default Read window.  If a Read window is not displayed, 
a new Read window is automatically created.  You can also 
invoke this by double-clicking on the envelope icon for the
appropriate message.

In Window #

This option allows you to display a submenu that lets you display
a selected mail message in one of several already displayed 
Read windows.

New Mail

This option allows you to check to see if new mail has arrived.
If it has, the first new mail message is displayed in an automatically
created default Read window.  If no new mail has arrived, a dialog
box appears with a "No new mail" message. (The mail program beeps
only if you have selected "Beep instead of putting up a No New Mail
dialog box" from Modify Mail Profile in the Customize menu. The
default setting is no beep.)

New Mail in New

This option is basically the same as New Mail (see above), except
that new mail is displayed in a new Read



4 OnMainMaintenanceMenu
=TITLE Maintenance Menu
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnFolders
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnMainWindow OnMainMenubar

The pull-down Maintenance menu offers you nine options, which
are described below. 

Create Folder

This option allows you to create a new mail folder.  Click on
Create Folde in the Maintenance menu and a dialog box will
appear.  Type in the name you want to call it in the Create
folder named: field, then click on OK.  If you want to cancel
the operation, click on Cancel.  If you want on-line help
about creating folders, click on Help.

This option can also be used to create subfolders under 
folders (similar to creating subdirectories under directories).
In the dialog box, type in the name of the folder under which
the folder is to be created, followed by a slash and then the
name of the subfolder.

Empty Wastebasket

This option allows you to delete all the mail messages in the
wastebasket folder.

Delete Folder

This option allows you to delete an existing mail folder.  Click
on Delete Folder in the Maintenance menu and a dialog box will
appear.  Type in the name of the folder you want to delete, then
click on OK. If you want to cancel the operation, click on Cancel.
If you want on-line help about deleting folders, click on Help.

Show Subfolders

This option allows you to open a drawer to show the folders
contained there.  

Hide Subfolders

This option allows you to close a drawer and make the folders
contained there invisible.

Commit Changes

After you have moved or deleted a mail message, Commit Changes
allows you to commit your changes.  Once you select Commit
Changes, you cannot undo the operation with Undo Move/Delete.
The messages can be retrieved from the wastebasket folder, as long as
that hasn't been deleted using Empty Wastebasket.
 
Renumber Messages

After you have moved or deleted mail messages, the remaining messages
are out of sequence.  This option allows you to sequentially
renumber them.

Sort by Date

This option allows you to sort all the mail messages in an opened
folder by date.

Rescan Folder

This option allows you to update the list of mail messages in an
opened folder, and verifies whether the information is correct.


4 OnMainCustomizeMenu
=TITLE Customize Menu
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnCustomizing
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnMainWindow OnMainMenubar
 
 Choose the Modify Mail Profile entry to change
 any of the default parameters shown in the 
 Customize Mail Profile dialog box.

3 OnPop-ups
=TITLE Pop-up Menus
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnMainWindow

 There are two pop-up menus that you can use in 
 the Main window. One is for folders and one is 
 for messages.

 To display the folders pop-up menu, press MB3 on 
 a folder name. The pop-up menu has the following 
 items:

 Open:
 Opens the folder and displays a list of the
 messages in that folder in the current window.

 Open folder in new:
 Opens the folder in a new Main window.

 Move selected here:
 Moves the selected message to the folder.
 The message is removed from the original folder.

 Copy selected here:
 Moves the selected message to the folder, leaving
 the copy in the original folder.

 Move read msg here:
 Moves the message that you are currently reading 
 to this folder.

 Copy read msg here:
 Copies the message that you are currently reading
 to this folder.

 To display the messages pop-up menu, press MB3 on
 the envelope icon at the side of the message or
 on a message subject line.
 The pop-up menu contains the following items:

 In Default
 Displays the selected message in the default Read window.

 In New:
 Displays the selected message in a new Read window.
 
 Reply:
 Creates a reply to the selected message.

 Forward:
 Forwards the selected message.

 Print:
 Prints the selected message. You are provided options
 for printing the message body or the entire message.

 Move:
 Allows you to move the message to a new folder.

 Delete:
 Allows you to delete the selected message.

 Undo Move/Delete:
 Undoes the move or delete operation on the selected
 message.


2 OnReadWindow
=TITLE Read Window
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnReplying OnReplying_Read
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnForwarding OnForwarding_Read
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnPrinting OnPrinting_Read
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnDeleting OnDeleting_Read
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnMoving OnMoving_Read
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnCopying OnCopying_Read
=INCLUDE OnWindow 

 To read the next message in the Read window, click on 
 the Next button.
 
 To read the previous message in the Read window, click 
 on the Previous button.

 To read your new mail, choose the New Mail item from
 the Read menu.


3 OnReadMenubar
=TITLE Read Window Menus
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnReadWindow

 The Read window menus are:

 File: 
 Use the items on this menu to close the Read
 window, move or copy the message to another folder,
 extract the message into a file, or to print the
 message.
 
 Edit:
 Use the items on this menu to select text and
 copy it to the clipboard or to delete the message.
 It also provides entries for editing the current
 message.

 Sequences:
 Use the items on this menu to add a message to,
 or delete a message from a sequence.

 Read:
 Use the items on this menu to change the message
 being viewed.

 For more information about the items on these 
 menus, click on menu name in the list of 
 additional topics below.

 
4 OnReadFileMenu
=TITLE File Menu
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnReadWindow OnReadMenubar

 Move:
 Moves the message to a new folder.

 Copy:
 Copies the message to a new folder.

 Extract:
 Extracts a message into a file. A file selection dialog
 box is displayed. Select an existing file to append 
 the message to, or create a new file.
 
 Print:
 Print the message to the default printer. You are
 provided options for selecting print of the entire
 message, or the message body only.

 Print...:
 Print the message. A dialog box is displayed to
 allow you to select the printer and other printing
 options.

 Make Default Window:
 Specifies that the current Read window is now the default 
 Read window. When you press the Read and list new mail 
 button, the first new message will be displayed in this
 window.

 Close:
 Closes the Read window.


4 OnReadEditMenu
=TITLE Edit Menu
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnReadWindow OnReadMenubar

 Delete:
 Marks the message for deletion.

 Undo move/delete:
 Reverses the effects of a prior move or delete
 operation.

 Copy to clipboard:
 Moves any selected text to the clipboard.

 Select all:
 Selects the entire message contents for copying to
 the clipboard or other windows.

 Edit Message:
 Enables you to modify the message in the Read window.

 Save Changes
 Saves any changes made to the message displayed in the
 Read window after you have edited it.


4 OnReadSequences
=TITLE Sequences Menu
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnReadWindow OnReadMenubar 

 Add to Sequence:
 Adds the displayed message to the sequence that you 
 select from this item's submenu.

 Remove From Sequence:
 Removes the displayed message from the sequence that you 
 select from this item's submenu.


4 OnReadCreateMenu
=TITLE Create-Send Menu
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnReadWindow OnReadMenubar

 New Message:
 Create a new message for sending.

 Reply:
 Create a reply to the current message.

 Forward:
 Forward the current message.

 Use as comp:
 Creates a Create-Send window with the message that you 
 are currently reading displayed in it. Note that you must 
 edit the header fields and add your own.

4 OnReadReadMenu
=TITLE Read Menu
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnReadWindow OnReadMenubar

 Read Next Selected:
 When you have selected a group of messages from the Main
 window message area, this item displays the next selected 
 message.

 Read Previous Selected:
 
 When you have selected a group of messages from the Main
 window message area, this item displays the previous
 selected message.

 Next in folder:
 Reads the next message in the current folder.

 Previous in folder:
 Reads the previous message in the current folder.

 New mail:
 Checks for new messages. If new messages have arrived, 
 they are incorporated into you inbox folder and the 
 first new message is displayed in the Read window.

3 OnReadPopup
=TITLE Read Pop-up Menu
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnReadWindow

 To display this menu, press MB3 in the Read window.

 Next Selected:
 When you have selected a group of messages from the Main
 window message area, this item displays the next selected 
 message.

 Previous Selected:
 When you have selected a group of messages from the Main
 window message area, this item displays the previous
 selected message.

 Previous in folder:
 Reads the previous message in the current folder.

 New mail:
 Checks for new messages. If new messages have arrived, 
 they are incorporated into you inbox folder and the 
 first new message is displayed in the Read window.

 Reply:
 Create a reply to the current message.

 Forward:
 Forward the current message.

 Print:
 Print the message to the default printer. You are
 provided options for selecting print of the entire
 message, or the message body only.

 Move:
 Moves the message to a new folder.

 Copy:
 Copies the message to a new folder.

 Undo Move/Delete:
 Undoes the move or delete for the displayed message.
 You cannot use this item once you have displayed another
 message.

 Extract
 Extracts a message into a file. A file selection dialog
 box is displayed. Select an existing file to append 
 the message to, or create a new file.


2 OnComposeWindow
=TITLE Create-Send Window
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnCreating_and_Sending OnAddressing 
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnCreating_and_Sending OnSaving_a_draft
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnCreating_and_Sending OnResuming_work
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnCreating_and_Sending OnIncluding_a_file
=INCLUDE OnWindow 

 To enter text in the To:, cc: or Subject: fields, point
 to the field, click MB1 and enter the text.

 In the To: field, enter the electronic mail address of
 the person you are sending the message to. You can
 enter more than one address but you must separate each
 address with a comma.
 
 Double click on Addressing in the additional topics
 below to find out more about electronic mail addresses.

 To specify a user who will receive a copy of the message, 
 enter the electronic mail address in the cc: field. 
 Separate each address with a comma. This field is optional.

 The Subject: field is for the subject of the message.
 This is optional.

 Enter the text of your message beneath the row of dashed
 lines.

 To send a message when you have finished editing it,
 click on the Send button. The Send button disappears
 while the message is being sent. When the message
 has been sent, the Send button is dimmed.



3 OnComposeMenubar
=TITLE Create-Send Menus
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnComposeWindow

 The Create-Send window Menus are:

 File:
 Use the items on this menu to include a file in
 a message, extract a message to a file, or to
 close the window.

 Edit:
 Use the items to select text and copy it to
 the clipboard


4 OnComposeFileMenu
=TITLE File Menu
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnComposeWindow OnComposeMenubar

 The file menu contains the following items:
 
 Send:
 Sends the message to the entered address.

 Save:
 Saves the message to the drafts folder.

 Extract:
 Extracts a message into a file. A file selection dialog
 box is displayed. Select an existing file to append 
 the message to, or create a new file.
 
 Include File:
 Displays a file selection box which enables you to select
 a file to include in the message.

 Reset:
 Clears the contents of the Create-Send window.

 Quit:
 Closes the Create-Send window.  


4 OnComposeEditMenu
=TITLE Edit Menu
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnComposeWindow OnComposeMenubar

 Cut:
 Deletes the selected text.

 Copy to clipboard:
 Copies selected text onto the Clipboard.

 Paste:
 Inserts the text from the Clipboard.

 Select All:
 Selects all the text in the Create-Send window.


2 OnReading
=TITLE Reading a Message
=INCLUDE OnWindow 
 
 You can use Mail to Read any of the messages in your
 mail folders and to read new mail as it arrives.

 To read a message click MB1 on the Read button.
 
 The message is displayed in the default Read window
 which is labelled Read - 1.
 
 To read a new message, click on the Read New Mail button.
 The first new message in displayed in the default Read 
 window.



3 OnReading_in_different 
=TITLE Reading a message in a different folder
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnReading

 To read a message in a different folder, open the 
 folder by double clicking MB1 on the folder name.
 
 The list of messages in that folder is displayed 
 in the Main window message area. 

 Click on the Read button to display the message in
 the Read window.


 
3 OnReading_in_new
=TITLE Opening a new Read window
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnReading

 To read a new message in a new Read window, choose the 
 Read new mail in new window menu item from the Messages
 menu. The new message is displayed in a new Read window.

 To read an existing message in a new Read window, choose
 the Read in new window menu item from the Messages menu.
 
 To read an existing message in a specific window, choose 
 the number of the window from the Read in window # submenu 
 in the Messages menu.


3 OnDisplaying_a_list
=TITLE Displaying a list of new messages
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnReading 

 To add new messages to your inbox folder without 
 displaying them in a Read window, click on the
 List New Mail button.
 
 The new messages are added to your inbox folder and 
 the updated list of messages is displayed in the Main 
 window message area.


2 OnCreating_and_Sending
=TITLE Creating and Sending a Message
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnComposeWindow

 To create a new mail message, click on the Create-Send 
 button in the Main window. 

 A Create-Send window is displayed.

 For more information click on the Create-Send window
 topic in the list of additional topics below.

 
3 OnAddressing
=TITLE Addressing
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnCreating_and_sending
 
 Mail addresses are based on user names and host names.
 Host names may also be referred to as node names.
 The user name is the name that a person uses to log onto
 their computer system with. The host name is the name of
 the computer system that a person logs onto.

 A local user is someone who logs onto and uses the same 
 host as you.
 
 To send a message to someone on the same host, enter the 
 user name, for example, enter:
 
 To: fred
 
 To send a message to a user on a different host, enter 
 both the user name and the host name, for example:

 To: green@host2



3 OnSaving_a_draft
=TITLE Saving a Draft of a Message
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnCreating_and_Sending

 To save a draft message, click on the Save button in the
 Create-Send window before you send the message.


3 OnResuming_work
=TITLE Resuming Work on a Draft Message
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnCreating_and_Sending 

 To resume work on a draft message that you have 
 previously saved:

 1. Open the drafts folder by double clicking MB1 on the 
    drafts folder name. The list of draft messages is 
    displayed in the Main window.

 2. Select the draft message that you want to use from 
    the list in the Main window.

 3. Choose the Use as comp item from the Main window's 
    File menu. Mail displays a Create-Send window 
    containing the selected draft message.

 4. Edit the message.
 
 5. Click on the Send button to send the message.

 If you experience a problem while entering a message,
 you can find the message in your mail drafts directory
 with a name ending in '.CKP'. The text that you are
 entering is periodically checkpointed to this file; by
 moving this file you can recover any work that would
 have been lost.

3 OnIncluding_a_file
=TITLE Including a File in a Mail Message
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnCreating_and_Sending

 To include a file in a message that you are creating in
 a Create-Send window, follow these steps:

 1. Choose the Include file... menu item from the 
    Create-Send window's File menu. Mail displays a 
    standard file selection dialog box.

 2. Double click on the name of the file you want to 
    include. The contents of the file are displayed in 
    the Create-Send window.

    If the file that you want to include is in a 
    different directory, enter the path name of the 
    directory in the File Filter text entry field. 
    Click on the Filter button.  You can also double
    click on the directory name in the left window.

    When the list of files is displayed, double click on 
    the name of the file that you want to include.

    The file is displayed in the Create-Send window.

 3. Edit the message in the Create-Send window and click 
    on the Send button to send the message.



2 OnReplying
=TITLE Replying to a Message
=INCLUDE OnWindow

 You can reply to a message from either the Main window 
 or a Read window.


3 OnReplying_Main
=TITLE Replying to a Message in the Main Window
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnMainWindow

 To reply to a message listed in the Main window:

 1. Select the message by clicking MB1 once on the 
    message.
  
 2. Click on the Reply button.

    Mail opens a Create-Send window.  You do not have to 
    address a message that you are replying to as Mail 
    does this for you automatically.

 3. Enter your message text below the row of dashed lines.

 4. To send the reply, click on the Send button.

 5. To close the Create-Send window, choose the Close item
    from the File menu.


3 OnReplying_Read
=TITLE Replying to a Message in the Read Window
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnReadWindow

 To reply to a message displayed in the Read window:

 1. Click on the Reply button.

    Mail opens a Create-Send window.  You do not have to
    address a message that you are replying to as Mail
    does this for you automatically.

 2. Enter your message text below the row of dashed lines.

 3. To send the reply, click on the Send button.

 4. To close the Create-Send window, choose the Close
    item from the File menu.
 

2 OnForwarding 
=TITLE Forwarding a Message
=INCLUDE OnWindow

 You can forward:

 - A message listed in the Main window
 - A message displayed in a Read window


3 OnForwarding_Main
=TITLE Forwarding a Message in the Main Window
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnComposeWindow
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnCreating_and_Sending OnAddressing
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnMainWindow

 To forward a message listed in the the Main window:

 1. Select the message that you want to forward.

 2. Click on the Forward button.

    Mail opens a Create-Send window and inserts the 
    forwarded message in the text area of the
    message.

 3. In the Create-Send window, fill in the To:, cc:
    and Subject: fields. Click on Creating and Sending 
    Messages in the list of additional topics below for 
    more information about filling in these fields.

 4. Click on the Send button in the Create-Send window to
    send the forwarded message.

 5. To close the Create-Send window, choose the Close 
    item from the File menu.
 

3 OnForwarding_Read
=TITLE Forwarding a Message in the Read Window
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnComposeWindow
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnCreating_and_Sending OnAddressing
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnReadWindow
 
 To forward a message in a Read window:

 1. Click on the Forward button.

    Mail opens a Create-Send window and inserts the 
    forwarded message in the message area.

 2. Fill in the To:, cc:and Subject: fields.
 
    For more information about filling in these 
    fields, click on Creating and Sending Messages in 
    the additional topics area.

 3. Click on the Send button in the Create-Send window 
    to send the forwarded message.

 4. To close the Create-Send window, choose the Close 
    item from the File menu.



2 OnPrinting
=TITLE Printing a Message
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnMainWindow
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnReadWindow
=INCLUDE OnWindow

 You can print:

 - A message listed in the Main window.
 - A message displayed in a Read window
 
3 OnPrinting_Main
=TITLE Printing a Message from the Main Window
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnPrinting OnPrinting_postscript
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnMainWindow

 To print a message displayed in the Main window:

 1. Select the message or messages.

 2. Click on the Print button.

 The message is printed on your default printer, lpr.

3 OnPrinting_Read
=TITLE Printing a Message from the Read Window
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnPrinting OnPrinting_postscript
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnReadWindow

 To print a message displayed in the Read window, 
 click on the Print button.

 The message is printed on your default printer, 
 lpr.


3 OnPrinting_postscript
=TITLE Printing a PostScript File
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnCreating_a_file
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnPrinting

 To print a PostScript file which was included in a 
 mail message, use the 'Body Only' option on the
 print menus. The header will be removed before
 printing the message. If additional text has been
 added to the message after the header but before
 the body, you can use the following procedure:

 1. Extract the message into a file. 

    For more information about extracting a message, 
    double click on Creating a File from a Message 
    topic from the list of additional topics below.

 2. Edit the file to remove the message headers.

 3. Print the file using your normal print commands
    for printing a PostScript file.


2 OnCreating_a_file
=TITLE Creating a File from a Message
=INCLUDE OnWindow

 To create a file from a currently displayed message in 
 a Read or a Create-Send window:

 1. Choose the Extract... item from the File menu.

    Mail displays a file selection dialog box.

 2. To append the message to one of the displayed files,
    double click on the name of the file.

    To create a new file, enter the name of the file in 
    the Selection field of the dialog box.

    To create the file in a different directory, specify
    the directory name and the filename in the Selection 
    field.

 3. Click on the OK button to extract the message to the 
    file.

 Note: Messages containing CDA or PostScript documents cannot be
       appended to other files, if extract is attempted from the 
       document viewer. Such messages will replace the target file.

2 OnDeleting
=TITLE Deleting a Message
=INCLUDE OnWindow

 You can delete a message from either the Main window
 or the Read window.

3 OnDeleting_Main
=TITLE Deleting a Message in the Main Window
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnMainWindow

 To delete a message listed in the Main window:

 1. Select the message that you want to delete.
 
 2. Click on the Delete button.

 The message list in the main window shows that the 
 message is marked for deletion. You can still move, 
 copy, print, reply to, or forward a message that is 
 marked for deletion.

 To undo the delete operation, choose the 
 Undo Move/Delete item from the Messages menu.
 
 To remove the deleted message from the current 
 folder choose the Commit changes item from the 
 Folders menu.

 
3 OnDeleting_Read
=TITLE Deleting a Message in the Read Window
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnReadWindow

 To delete a message displayed in a Read window, 
 click on the Delete button.

 To undo the delete operation in a Read window, 
 choose  the Undo Move/Delete item from the Messages 
 menu before you start reading another message.


3 OnRetrieving
=TITLE Retrieving a Deleted Message
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnDeleting

 To retrieve a message moved to the wastebasket 
 folder:
 
 1. Double click on the wastebasket folder name to
    open it.

 2. Select the folder that you want to move the 
    message to.

 3. Click on the Move button.

 4. Choose the Commit changes item from the Folders
    menu to move the message to the new folder.


3 OnEmptying
=TITLE Emptying the Wastebasket Folder
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnDeleting
 
 Note that you cannot retrieve a message from the 
 wastebasket folder once it has been emptied.

 To remove the messages from your wastebasket folder,
 choose the Empty wastebasket item from the Folders
 menu.


2 OnPicking
=TITLE Picking Groups of Related Messages
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnMainWindow 
=INCLUDE OnWindow 

 The Pick menu in the Main window allows you to select, 
 define, and manipulate groups of related messages called 
 sequences. 
 
 To pick groups of messages from the open folder choose
 the Pick from Open item.

 When the Pick dialog box is displayed, specify criteria 
 for selecting messages.


3 Pick_Dialog
=TITLE Pick Dialog Box
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnPicking

 You can pick messages that meet one or more criteria. 
 For example, to pick all the messages from Fred, enter 
 Fred in the From: field. 

 To specify a date, enter the date in the format:
 DD-MMM-YYYY, for example 10-May-1990 in the Date field.

 Enter the name of the sequence that you want to create.

 Click on the OK button.

 The Skip toggle button enables you to miss out a field 
 if you want to use some, but not all of the selection
 criteria again.

 The Or button enables you to specify more than one 
 value for each selection field.

 The Or button at the bottom of the Pick window enables
 you to specify another complete set of criteria for
 picking messages.
 
 
3 OnSequences
=TITLE Sequences
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnPicking

 The same sequence name can exist in multiple folders.

 In each folder there is always a predefined sequence 
 called "all" which includes all the mail messages in
 your folder.

 A sequence name must begin with an alphanumeric 
 character and should not contain any non-alphanumeric 
 characters such as punctuation marks.


2 OnFolders
=TITLE Folders
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnMoving
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnCopying
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnFolders OnShowing_folders
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnFolders OnHiding_folders
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnFolders OnOpening_multiple_folders
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnFolders OnInvalidating_cache
=INCLUDE OnWindow
=KEYWORD Folders

 You can use mail folders to organize your mail 
 messages. Folders are displayed in the folder area 
 of the Main window.
 
 A folder is open when it highlighted. The list of 
 messages in the folder is displayed in the message 
 area.

 To close a folder and open a new one folder, double 
 click on the folder name.
 
 To select a folder, click once on the folder name.

 For more information about folders, double click on 
 one of the Additional topics listed below.


3 OnShowing_folders
=TITLE Showing subfolders of a folder

 To show the sub-folders under a specific folder,
 select the 'Show subfolders...' entry on 
 the maintenance menu. When the dialog box appears,
 enter the name of the parent folder whose sub-folders
 you would like to reveal.

 You can also customize Mail to automatically reveal
 the subfolders when the parent folder is opened.

3 OnHiding_folders
=TITLE Hiding subfolders of a folder

 To remove the display of the sub-folders under a 
 specific folder, select the 'Hide subfolders...'
 entry on the maintenance menu. When the dialog box
 appears, enter the name of the parent folder whose
 sub-folders you would like to hide.

 You can also customize Mail to automatically hide
 the subfolders when the parent folder is closed.

3 OnOpening_multiple_folders
=TITLE Opening Multiple Folders
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnFolders

 To view the contents of two folders at the same time, 
 you must open a new Main window to display the contents
 of the second folder.
 
 To open a new Main window:
 
 1. Select the folder that you want to open from the 
    current Main window.

 2. Select the Open in new window item from the 
    Folders menu.

 A new Main window is displayed with the selected 
 folder opened in it.
 
 You can perform all Mail functions on the folders and 
 messages displayed in this new Main window.

3 OnInvaildating_cache
=TITLE Invalidating folder cache
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnFolders

The application uses a cache file to save the names and 
relative positions of all the folders and subfolders in
the MH directroy structure, to avoid scanning the directories
for folders and subfolders. 

If the user feels that the cache is inconsistant, user
may choose the OK option to invalidate cache when exiting
the application. In this case, dxmail will rescan the
MH directroy for folders and subfolders.

Cache Invalidation can be cancelled at any time by 
using the "Cancel" button in the dialog box.


3 OnCreating_folders
=TITLE Creating a new Folder
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnFolders

 To create a new folder, choose the Create Folder
 item from the Folders menu in the Main window.

 Enter the name of the new folder in the dialog box.
 Folder names are limited to 39 characters and can 
 contain letters, numbers, spaces, periods, dashes, 
 underscores, and dollar signs.



3 OnDeleting_folders
=TITLE Deleting a Folder
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnDeleting OnRetrieving
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnFolders

 To delete a folder:
 
 1. Select the folder to be deleted.

 2. Choose the Delete Folder item from the 
    Folders menu.
 
    Mail displays a dialog box prompting you to confirm 
    that you want to delete the folder.
 
 3. To delete the folder, click on the OK button. 

    To cancel the delete operation, click on the 
    Cancel button. 

 All the messages in the deleted folder are put into 
 the wastebasket folder before the folder is deleted.
 You can retrieve messages from the wastebasket folder.

 For more information about retrieving messages, double
 click on the Retrieving a Deleted Message topic from 
 the list of additional topics below.

3 OnRenumbering
=TITLE Renumbering Messages in a Folder
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnFolders

 To renumber your messages in the open folder so they 
 start from one and increment by one, choose the Renumber
 messages item from the Folders menu in the Main 
 window.

 The renumbered message list is displayed in the message 
 area.


3 OnSorting
=TITLE Sorting
=TITLE Sorting Messages in a Folder
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnFolders

 To sort the messages in the open folder in increasing 
 order by date, choose the Sort by Date item from the 
 Folders menu in the Main window.
 
 The new message list is displayed in the message area.

 
2 OnMoving
=TITLE Moving Messages Between Folders
=INCLUDE OnWindow 

 Moving messages to another folder removes them from the
 original folder.
 
 You can move messages from either the Main window or a 
 Read window.


3 OnMoving_Main
=TITLE Moving a Message in the Main Window
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnFolders OnCreating_folders
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnMainWindow

 To move a message from the Main window:

 1. Select the message.
     
 2. Click on the Move button in the Main window.

    A dialog box is displayed. Enter the name 
    of the folder that you want to move the message 
    to and then click on the Ok button.
    You can only move the message to a folder which 
    already exists.

 Mail marks the message with the word moved and the 
 message is moved to the new folder.

 To undo the move operation in the Main window, choose 
 the Undo Move/Delete item from the Messages menu.

 The moved message is not actually deleted from its 
 original folder until you close the folder or choose 
 the Commit changes item from the Folders menu.


3 OnMoving_Outline
=TITLE Moving a Message in the Main Window
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnFolders OnCreating_folders
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnMainOutline

 To move a message from the Main window:

 1. Select the message.
     
 2. Click on the Move button in the Main window.

    A dialog box is displayed. Enter the name 
    of the folder that you want to move the message 
    to and then click on the Ok button.
    You can only move the message to a folder which 
    already exists.

 Mail marks the message with the word moved and the 
 message is moved to the new folder.

 To undo the move operation in the Main window, choose 
 the Undo Move/Delete item from the Messages menu.

 The moved message is not actually deleted from its 
 original folder until you close the folder or choose 
 the Commit changes item from the Folders menu.

 An alternate technique for moving messages in outline
 mode is to select the messages and pressing MB2 on
 the selected messages. Hold MB2 down and drag the mouse
 pointer to the destination folder and release the
 mouse button. Dropping mesages into the wastebasket
 folder will cause them to be deleted.

3 OnMoving_Read
=TITLE Moving a Message in the Read Window
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnFolders OnCreating_folders
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnReadWindow

 To move a message displayed in a Read window, click on 
 the Move button.

 When the dialog box is displayed, enter the name of the 
 folder that you want to move the message to. Click on
 the Ok button.

 You can only move the message to a folder which 
 already exists.

 To undo a move operation in a Read window, select the
 Undo Move/Delete item from the Messages menu.

 The selected message is not actually deleted from its 
 original folder until you close the folder or choose 
 the Commit changes item from the Folders menu.


2 OnCopying
=TITLE Copying a Message to Another Folder 
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnFolders OnCreating_folders
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnFolders 

 You can copy a message or group of messages from one 
 folder to a different folder. Copying messages to 
 another folder does not remove them from the original 
 folder.

 You can copy messages from either the Main or Read 
 windows.

 Note that you can only copy the message to a folder 
 which already exists.


3 OnCopying_Main
=TITLE Copying a Message in the Main Window
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnMainWindow

 To copy a message from the Main window:

 1. Select the message to be copied.

 2. Click on the Copy button.

 When the dialog box is displayed, enter the name of 
 the folder that you want to copy the message to.
 Click on the OK button. 

 The message is copied to the new folder.


3 OnCopying_Read
=TITLE Copying a Message in the Read Window
=INCLUDE OnWindow OnReadWindow

 To copy a message in the Read window, click on
 the Copy button.

 When the dialog box is displayed, enter the name of 
 the folder that you want to copy the message to.
 Click on the OK button.

 The message is copied to the new folder.
 

2 OnCustomizing
=TITLE Customizing
=INCLUDE OnWindow

 To customize Mail, choose the Customize Mail Profile
 item from the Options menu.

 Most of the items in the Customize dialag box are 
 toggle buttons. When the button is highlighted, the
 option is selected.

 

2 OnLeaving
=TITLE Leaving the application
=INCLUDE OnWindow

 To leave the Mail application, choose the Exit item
 from the File menu in the Main window.

 All the Mail windows are closed. If you left any
 unsaved drafts, you will be prompted to save them.


