Help for Modify Audit Parameters

This window lets you modify system parameters to enhance the performance or 
reliability of the Audit subsystem and lets you enter decisions about how 
audit interacts with the system during startup and shutdown.  You can apply 
these audit parameters to the current session, to future sessions, or to 
both.  

Some of the audit parameters shown on this window are dynamic so they can 
take effect in the current audit session.  Other audit parameters on this 
window are static so they take effect only when auditing is first initiated.  
Each audit parameter description below indicates whether the parameter is 
static or dynamic for an audit session.  

The boxes on this window require numerical values.  If you do not enter 
numbers for these items, the system insists that you do so.  Do not use 
commas when entering a number.  The Audit subsystem supplies a reasonable set 
of defaults here.  Each of these items uses a text input field.  Note that 
the width of the box indicates how many digits you can enter.  

Use the mouse or the Tab and Shift-Tab keys to move between these text input 
fields.  

The last items on the window require that you select "Yes" or "No."

Number of Bytes between Daemon Wake Ups.  Enter up to six digits.  For 
maximum effectiveness, this parameter should be at least 4096, and preferably
16384 5120 bytes.  This audit parameter is dynamic and takes effect during 
the current audit session.  

Maximum Amount of Buffer Memory (1K Bytes).  This is the maximum size of 
the internal buffer used for writing to the compaction file.  A larger
buffer memory improves the performance of the audit subsystem at the
expense of consuming internal memory.  This audit parameter is static.
It only takes effect when auditing is initiated, not during an audit 
session.  A value of 65 is recommended.

Number of Bytes before Compaction File Switched lets you specify the 
maximum size to which a compaction files may grow before a new file is 
created.  Choosing a small value results in excessive file switches.  
Enter up to eight digits.  A value of 1,000,000 bytes is recommended. 
This audit parameter is dynamic so changes made here can take effect 
during the current audit session.  

Compact Audit Output Files lets you select whether or not audit files are 
compacted.  We suggest that you select "Yes."  Compaction does not require 
large amounts of additional processing time and the resulting disk savings 
are typically greater than 60%.  This is a static audit parameter so changing 
this value takes effect the next time that auditing is initiated, but not 
during the current audit session.  

Enable Audit on System Startup lets you select whether to begin an audit 
session when you boot the system.  If you select "Yes," the Audit subsystem 
begins auditing before any other user processes are started.  This audit 
parameter is static.  It does not take effect until the next time your system 
is booted.  

Shut Down Gracefully if Disk Full lets you select whether to allow the Audit 
subsystem to disable audit or shut the system down when file space is 
exceeded on all directories in the audit directory list.  This is a dynamic 
audit parameter so changing its value can apply to the current audit 
session.  

If you select "Current Session" and then "OK", all of the dynamic audit 
parameters take effect immmediately in this audit session.  The static 
parameters do not take effect until the next time audit is initiated.  

If you select "Future Sessions," your settings remain and apply to all future 
sessions until you change it.  This is true even if you exit the program and 
later return to it, or if you begin and end an audit session.  

You may cancel the window at any time by selecting the "Cancel" button.  
Selecting the "OK" button brings up a confirmation box so that you can 
confirm your actions.
