Help for Create/Modify Report Selection Files

This window lets you create new report selection files, and modify or delete 
existing report selection files.  Report selection files are used to perform 
post-selection of existing audit records.

You can build and save a number of report selection files, each with a 
different set of selection criteria to serve different analysis needs.  When 
you create a report selection file or modify an existing one, you specify the 
criteria that determines what audit information is included in the report.  

Create a Selection File 

The "Create" option lets you create a selection file that tailors audit 
reports to your needs.  When you select "Create," click anywhere inside the 
Create Selection File box, then enter the new selection file name.  This is a 
text input field and you can enter any legal file name.  

Note that if you choose to create a selection file name, you can only enter a 
name in the Create Selection File box.  Once you have selected "Create," you 
cannot access existing files.

You may cancel the window at any time by selecting the "Cancel" button.  When 
you are satisfied with your entry, select "OK" to accept it.  If you have not 
entered a selection file name, the system reminds you to do so. 

When you select "OK," the system provides a second window called Create 
Report Selection File.  Your selection file's name appears in this window.  

Modify a Selection File 

The "Modify" option lets you change an existing selection file.  When you 
select "Modify," you must select an existing file from the Modify or Delete 
Selection File box.  This box contains a list of all the selection files in 
the system.  The box becomes larger to accommodate new selection file names 
as you create them and a scroll bar appears if needed.  Scroll to the 
selection file name you want. 

Click on the file you want to modify.  You can modify only one file at a 
time.  When you modify an existing selection file, you cannot enter anything 
in the Create Selection File box.  

You may cancel the window at any time by selecting the "Cancel" button.  When 
you click on "OK" to accept the name of the selection file you want to 
modify, the software provides a second window called Modify Report Selection 
File.  Your selection file's name appears in this window.  

Delete a Selection File

Select the "Delete" option to permanently remove a selection file.  You can 
delete any report selection file in the Modify or Delete Selection File box.  
Click on the name of the selection file you want to delete.  You can choose 
more than one selection file to delete.  

The Modify or Delete Selection File box contains a list of all the selection 
files in the system and contains a scroll bar if needed.  Scroll to the 
selection file name you want and click on it. 

After making your selection, check your choices to make sure you want to 
delete them.  When deleted, these files are permanently removed from the 
system.  When you click on "OK" to delete the selection files, a confirmation 
box appears, asking if you are sure you want to delete them.  If you are, 
click "OK" in the confirmation box.  Otherwise, click on "Cancel" to cancel 
the operation.  Either choice returns you to this window to do further work.  
Select "Cancel" to return to the main menubar.
