Help for Set Default Login Control 

This window lets you set the defaults that control login parameters.  An 
account uses these defaults unless specifically overridden by settings in the 
Modify Login Control window.  When certain login parameters are exceeded, the 
software implicitly locks an account.  

Enter a number in each text input field.  A zero (0) means that no value is 
set.  For example, if you set the Maximum # of Unsuccessful Logins to 0, no 
value is set for this option and users can make an unlimited number of 
unsuccessful login attempts.  Use the mouse or the Tab and Shift-Tab keys to 
move between text input fields.  

In the selection boxes, click on the button to select the item.  When you do, 
the button is highlighted, indicating that the item is selected.  To deselect 
it, click on the highlighted button. 

Maximum # of Unsuccessful Logins (User) lets you set the number of 
unsuccessful logins a user is allowed before the user's account is locked.  A 
greater value gives a person more tries at guessing a password.  Enter any 
number from 0 to 999.   

Inactivity Timeout (Minutes) lets you enter the number of minutes before the 
user is logged out due to lack of activity.  Enter any number from 0 to 999.  

The Nice Value lets you control the priority that users' processes have on 
the system.  Enter any number from -20 to 20 in this text input field.  (The 
actual range is system-dependent.)  A higher number here represents a lower 
priority (it is "more nice") and a lower number represents a higher priority 
(it is "less nice").  We recommend that you set the Nice value to 0 (zero).  

Boot Authentication Required lets you select that a password is required when 
the system is booted.  If no authentication (password) is required, any user 
can boot the system.  

Lock Account lets you select that all accounts are automatically locked.  
Each account remains locked until you override the system default for a 
particular user or until you explicitly unlock the account in Unlock.  

You may cancel the window at any time by selecting the "Cancel" button.  
Selecting the "OK" button brings up a confirmation box so that you can 
confirm your actions.  
