Help for Modify User Group 

This window lets you view or modify certain characteristics that the System 
Administrator assigns when he or she creates a user account.  The first time 
you view this window, its text input fields and two scroll boxes contain the 
values set by the System Administrator.  

You cannot change the user name or numerical user ID of the user's account, 
but you can change the home directory, shell, and the account's association 
with both primary and secondary groups.  Use the mouse or the Tab and 
Shift-Tab keys to move between text input fields.  

Home Directory lets you assign the directory in which the user is placed when 
he or she logs onto the system.  A typical directory might be /users/anne.  
Enter the complete pathname for this directory starting with the root (/) 
directory.  

Shell lets you assign the shell -- the program that is run when the user logs 
in.  Use the complete pathname for this program.  A typical shell assignment 
might be /bin/sh or /bin/csh.  

Comment lets you enter a comment of your choice.  This is typically the 
user's full name for identification purposes.  You cannot enter a colon (:) 
character in the Comment text input field.  

In the scroll boxes, select a group by using the scroll bar to locate the 
group of your choice and then clicking on the group.  When you select the 
group, it is highlighted. 

The two scroll boxes contain the names of all groups on the system.  In 
traditional UNIX, a user is assigned to only one group.  Select a single 
group from the Primary Group scroll box.  This is similar to assigning the 
user to a single group; you can only select one group from the Primary Group 
box.  However, you can also assign the user to any number of groups in the 
Supplementary Groups scroll box.  

To select a group other than the highlighted group in the Primary Group 
scroll box, click on the group of your choice.  Your new selection is 
highlighted, and the previous group is deselected.  In the Primary Group 
scroll box, you can deselect a group only by selecting another group.  In the 
Supplementary Groups scroll box, you can deselect a highlighted group by 
clicking on it.  

You may cancel the window at any time by selecting the "Cancel" button.  
Selecting the "OK" button brings up a confirmation box so that you can 
confirm your actions.  
