Help for Modify Login Control 

This window lets you view or modify a user's login control parameters and 
override those default selections made in the Set Default Login Control 
window.  You can also lock a user's account from this window.  

This window has text input fields that, the first time you view this window, 
contain system default values.  These default values should reflect the login 
controls you want most users to obey.  If you enter other values in these 
text input fields, those values are displayed the next time you view this 
window.  

Each text input field has a default button followed by a number in 
parentheses.  The number in parentheses is the system default value.  If the 
default button is highlighted, the text input field also contains the system 
default value.  As with other windows, the default button indicates whether 
or not the system default value is being used.  

The Maximum Number of Unsuccessful Logins defines the number of unsuccessful 
logins a user is allowed before the software locks his or her account.  Enter 
any number from 0 to 999.   Entering a 0 (zero) means no value is set.  If 
the user exceeds this number of unsuccessful logins, the software 
automatically locks the user's account.  

If the software automatically locks an account due to unsuccessful logins or 
due to an expired password, you must use the Unlock Account option to 
explicitly unlock the account.  You cannot use the Account Locked option on 
this window to unlock an account that the software has locked in these two 
cases.  

When you begin typing a number into the text input field, the default button 
is deselected (unhighlighted).  This indicates that an explicit setting, not 
the system default, is being used.  You can enter the current default value 
by clicking on the default number shown in parentheses.  This places the 
number in the text input field.  

If you want this entry to reflect the system default were it to change, then 
click on the default button to highlight it.  If you want to explicitly 
select the default value but not necessarily use the default if it changes, 
then deselect the default button.  

The Nice Value lets you control the priority that this user's processes have 
on the system.  Enter any number from -20 to 20 in this text input field.  
(The actual range is system-dependent.)  This text input field works just 
like the previous one.  A higher number here represents a lower priority (it 
is "more nice") and a lower number represents a higher priority (it is "less 
nice").  We recommend that you set the Nice value to 0 (zero).  

The Account Locked option lets you control the locking of this user's 
account.  The set button indicates whether or not this user's account is 
locked and the default button indicates whether or not the default is being 
used for this user's account.  

To lock this user's account, highlight the set button.  To unlock this user's 
account, unhighlight the set button.  Remember that you cannot unlock an 
account that the software has locked due to unsuccessful logins or due to an 
expired password.  Instead, use the Unlock Account option to unlock the 
account.  

Whenever you change the set button, the software deselects the default button 
to indicate that an explicit setting has been made.  If the default button is 
deselected, the value of the set button -- locked if highlighted and unlocked 
if not highlighted -- always applies regardless of the system default 
setting.  

To return to the default setting for this user's account, click on the 
default button.  

You may cancel the window at any time by selecting the "Cancel" button.  
Selecting the "OK" button brings up a confirmation box so that you can 
confirm your actions.  
