Help for Modify Command Authorizations 

This window lets you view or modify a user's command authorizations.  Use 
this window to give a user rights to perform certain subsystem operations and 
to override the system defaults.  

One of the command authorizations is the ISSO privilege.  If you are an ISSO 
and grant ISSO command authorization to a user, you can no longer modify any 
aspects of that user's account at that point.  This is because an ISSO cannot 
modify ISSO accounts.  If you are a System Administrator and you rescind ISSO 
command authorization from a user, you can no longer modify any aspects of 
that user's account at that point.  This is because a System Administrator 
can modify only ISSO accounts.  

The set button is highlighted when a command authorization is granted.  

To confer a command authorization to a user, highlight (select) that 
authorization's set button.  To retract a command authorization from a user, 
unhighlight (deselect) that authorization's set button.  Whenever you change 
the set button, the software automatically deselects (unhighlights) the 
default button to indicate that the setting has been explicitly made.  

Whenever you change a single set button (that is, once you make a single 
explicit selection), the software automatically deselects (unhighlights) all 
the command authorizations default buttons.  Although the default buttons are 
deselected, the set buttons still indicate the current settings -- whether or 
not the command authorizations are granted to the user.  These settings are 
no longer associated with the system defaults; if the system defaults change, 
these settings do not change.  

So, either accept the system default values for all items or use 
user-specific settings for each item.  Remember, once you override a single 
default setting by clicking on a set button, none of the system defaults 
apply to this user.  

To have the system defaults apply to a user, you must highlight all of the 
command authorizations default buttons for that user.  

To always grant a command authorization to a user, highlight the 
authorization's set button.  Conversely, to never grant a command 
authorization to a user, unhighlight (deselect) the authorization's set 
button.  

You may cancel the window at any time by selecting the "Cancel" button.  
Selecting the "OK" button brings up a confirmation box so that you can 
confirm your actions.  
