Help for Modify Clearance 

This window lets you view or set a user clearance.  A user clearance is the 
level of trust you assign to a user, which means the user cannot access any 
information above his clearance.  The system default applies to all users 
unless you change the clearance for a specific user in this window.  

The first time you view the window (or if you have never modified the 
clearance), the Default Clearance button is highlighted and the current 
system default clearance appears below the button.  Initially, the system 
default clearance also appears in the Clearance text input field.  

Click on Default Clearance (or its button) to deselect the default.  When the 
Default Clearance button is deselected, the current clearance applies to the 
user regardless of the system default.  In this case, if the system default 
changes, the clearance for this user does not change.  

To restore the system default at any time, click on the Default Clearance 
button.  

You can type a clearance into the Clearance text input field, or select a 
clearance from the Classifications and Compartments boxes.  

When you start typing the clearance into the Clearance text input field, the 
"OK" button becomes a "Check" button.  You must click on the "Check" button 
to verify the clearance before it can be saved.  If there is an error in the 
clearance, the text input cursor is placed at the character preceding the 
error.  If you are in typing mode, you must click on the "Check" button 
before you can select a compartment or classification from the boxes.  

To select a classification from the Classifications box, or compartments from 
the Compartments box, click on the classification or compartments you want to 
select (or on their buttons).  When you make a selection, the button is 
highlighted and that classification or compartment appears in the Clearance 
text input field.  The Default Clearance button is automatically deselected 
but the Default Clearance box still displays the system default clearance.  
Click on a highlighted classification or compartment to deselect it.  

If a compartment has an associated minimum classification and the current 
classification is lower than the associated classification, then selecting 
the compartment also selects the associated minimum classification.  

If a classification or compartment is not valid with the current set of 
compartments, then that classification or compartment is dimmed and cannot be 
selected.  

You may cancel the window at any time by selecting the "Cancel" button.  
Selecting the "OK" button brings up a confirmation box so that you can 
confirm your actions.  
