Help for Set Default Single-Level Device Information Level

This window lets you select a default single-level information level.  
This is the information level of a single information level device unless 
specifically overridden in the Modify Single-Level Device Information Level 
window. 

This window only applies to single information level devices.  Only 
information at this information level is passed to and from that device.

Set the information level by typing it into the text input field or by 
selecting it from the Classifications, Compartments, and Markings boxes.  

When you start typing a information level into the text input field, the 
"OK" button becomes a "Check" button.  You must click on the "Check" button 
to verify the information level before it can be saved.  If there is an 
error in the information level, the text input cursor is placed at the 
character preceding the error.  If you are in typing mode, you must click 
on the "Check" button before you can select a compartment, classification,
or marking from the boxes.  

To select a classification from the Classifications box, a compartment
from the Compartments box, or a marking from the Markings box, click on 
the classification, compartment, or marking you want to select (or on their 
buttons).  When you make a selection, that classification, compartment, or 
marking appears in the text input field and the button is highlighted.  
Click on a highlighted button to deselect it.  

If a compartment or marking has an associated minimum classification and 
the current classification is lower than the associated classification, 
then selecting the compartment or marking also selects the associated 
minimum classification.  

If a classification, compartment, or marking is not valid with the current 
set of compartments, then that classification, compartment, or marking is 
dimmed and cannot be selected.  

You may cancel the window at any time by selecting the "Cancel" button.  
Selecting the "OK" button brings up a confirmation box so that you can 
confirm your actions.  
