Help for Modify Terminal

This window lets you modify a terminal's secure configuration. 

The Device List is a list of device names that correspond to the
terminal name.  The device name is the physical device associated with the
terminal.  For instance, if you have a terminal which can operate either
with, or without, null modem you may have two different devices /dev/tty1A
and /dev/tty1a.  Enter these names in the Device List window.  If you do 
not enter a device name then the name /dev/<terminal name> is assumed.

This window has text input fields that, the first time you view this window, 
contain system default values.  These default values should reflect the
controls you want most terminals to obey.  If you enter other values in these 
text input fields, those values are displayed the next time you view this 
window.  

Each text input field has a default button followed by a number in 
parentheses.  The number in parentheses is the system default value.  If the 
default button is highlighted, the text input field also contains the system 
default value.  As with other windows, the default button indicates whether 
or not the system default value is being used.  

The Maximum Number of Unsuccessful Logins (Terminals) defines the number of 
unsuccessful logins allowed before the software locks the terminal.  Enter 
any number from 0 to 999.   Entering a 0 (zero) means no value is set.  If 
the terminal exceeds this number of unsuccessful logins, the software 
automatically locks this terminal.

If the software automatically locks a terminal due to unsuccessful login,
you must use the Unlock Terminal option to explicitly unlock the terminal.  
You cannot use the Lock Terminal option on this window to unlock a terminal 
that the software has locked in this case.

The Login Timeout (seconds) is the number of seconds allowed to enter the 
password once the user name has been entered. If this time is exceeded then
the login fails. A value of 0 means no value is set.

The Delay between Unsuccessful Logins is the number of seconds that elapse
after a failed login attempt before the login prompt is redisplayed.

When you begin typing a number into the text input field, the default button 
is deselected (unhighlighted).  This indicates that an explicit setting, not 
the system default, is being used.  You can enter the current default value 
by clicking on the default number shown in parentheses.  This places the 
number in the text input field.  

If you want this entry to reflect the system default were it to change, then 
click on the default button to highlight it.  If you want to explicitly 
select the default value but not necessarily use the default if it changes, 
then deselect the default button.  

#ifdef SEC_MAC && ! SEC_ILB
You can configure the printer to be either single-level or multilevel for
sensitivity levels. Click on the toggle buttons to set the device level.

#endif
#ifdef SEC_MAC && SEC_ILB
You can configure the printer to be either single-level or multilevel for
sensitivity levels, and single-level or multilevel for information levels.
Click on the toggle buttons to set the device level.

#endif
#ifdef SEC_MAC
If the device is configured for a single-level sensitivity level, then
the Modify Multilevel Minimum SL and the Modify Multilevel Maximum SL
menu options are dimmed on the Modify Device cascade menu.  
If the device is configured for multilevel sensitivity levels then the 
Modify Single-Level SL option is dimmed. 

#endif /* SEC_MAC */
#ifdef SEC_ILB
If the device is configured for multilevel information levels then the 
Modify Single-Level IL menu option on the Modify Device cascade menu 
is dimmed.

#endif /* SEC_ILB */
The Lock Terminal option lets you control the locking of this terminal.
The set button indicates whether or not this terminal is locked and the 
default button indicates whether or not the default is being used for 
this terminal.

To lock this terminal, highlight the set button.  To unlock this terminal
unhighlight the set button.  Remember that you cannot unlock a terminal
that the software has locked due to unsuccessful logins.  Instead, use the 
Unlock Terminal option to unlock the terminal.  

Whenever you change the set button, the software deselects the default button 
to indicate that an explicit setting has been made.  If the default button is 
deselected, the value of the set button -- locked if highlighted and unlocked 
if not highlighted -- always applies regardless of the system default 
setting.  

To return to the default setting for this terminal, click on the 
default button.  

You may cancel the window at any time by selecting the "Cancel" button.  
Selecting the "OK" button brings up a confirmation box so that you can 
confirm your actions.  
