Help for Select Device 

This window lets you select a device's name from the list in the scroll box or 
type a device's name into the text input field.  You must select a device 
name before you can modify that device.  All other options on the 
Modify Devices cascade menu are dimmed if a device name has not yet been 
selected.  

The names of all devices appear in the scroll box.  

To select a device's name from the list in the Devices scroll box, use the 
scroll bar to locate the name you want, then click on the name.  When you 
select the name, it is highlighted and appears in the Device Name box.  

You can select only one device's name and modify characteristics for one 
device at a time.  

Type a device's name in the Device Name box if you do not want to scroll 
through the list.  Enter the name exactly as it appears in the list.  
Otherwise, the software does not recognize the name and gives you an error 
message.  

When you have typed the name or selected it from the list, accept the 
window by clicking on "OK" or, if the cursor is in the Device Name box, by 
pressing the Enter key.  You can double-click on a device's name to both 
select a name and accept it.  This leaves the window just as if you had 
selected a name and clicked on "OK."  There is no confirmation box when 
you select "OK."

Now that you have selected a device name, you can select any of the options 
on the Modify Devices cascade menu to view or modify that device's 
characteristics.  

#ifdef SEC_MAC
If the device is configured for a single-level sensitivity level, then the
Modify Multilevel Minimum SL and the Modify Multilevel Maximum SL menu 
options are dimmed on the Modify Device cascade menu.  If the device is 
configured for multilevel sensitivity levels then the Modify Single-Level 
SL option is dimmed. 

#endif /* SEC_MAC */
#ifdef SEC_ILB
If the device is configured for multilevel information levels then the 
Modify Single-Level IL menu option on the Modify Device cascade menu is 
dimmed.

#endif /* SEC_ILB */
You may cancel the window at any time by selecting the "Cancel" button.  
