Help for Modify Single-Level Device Information Level 

This window lets you view or set an information level for a single
information level device.  This is the information level of any information 
that is passed to and from that device.  The menu option is dimmed out 
unless the device is configured to be a single information level device.

The first time you view the window (or if you have never modified the 
information level), the Use Default button is highlighted and the current 
default appears below the button.  Initially, the default also appears 
in the text input field.  

Set the information level by typing it into the text input field or by 
selecting it from the Classifications, Compartments, or Markings boxes.  

Click on Use Default (or its button) to deselect the default.  When the 
Use Default button is deselected, the current information level
applies to the device regardless of the system default.  In this case, if 
the system default changes, the information level for this device 
does not change.  

To restore the system default at any time, click on the Use Default button.  

To select a classification from the Classifications box, compartments
from the Compartments box, or markings from the Markings box, click on the 
classification, compartments, or markings you want to select (or on their 
buttons).  When you make a selection, that classification, compartment, or
marking appears in the text input field and the button is highlighted.  
The Use Default button is automatically deselected but the Default box 
still displays the current system default.  Click on a highlighted button 
to deselect it.  

When you start typing a information level into the text input field, the 
"OK" button becomes a "Check" button.  You must click on the "Check" button 
to verify the information level before it can be saved.  If there is an 
error in the information level, the text input cursor is placed at the 
character preceding the error.  If you are in typing mode, you must click 
on the "Check" button before you can select a classification, compartment,
or marking from the boxes.  

If a compartment or marking has an associated minimum classification and 
the current classification is lower than the associated classification, 
then selecting the compartment or marking also selects the associated 
minimum classification.  

If a classification, compartment, or marking is not valid with the current 
set of compartments and markings, then that classification, compartment,
or marking is dimmed and cannot be selected.  

You may cancel the window at any time by selecting the "Cancel" button.  
Selecting the "OK" button brings up a confirmation box so that you can 
confirm your actions.  
