This directory includes files for Motif toolkit example programs:

		README		- this file

		XMdemos		- app-defaults for example programs


		xmfonts         - font browser, no UIL

		xmter		- shape & animation example, no UIL

		xmform		- form constraint example, no UIL

		xmgendi		- generic dialog prompter, no UIL

		motifanim       - animation style program.

		periodic        - The Periodic Table of Motif Widgets


NOTES:
 
1) The xmfonts demo defaults to displaying the fonts whose
name length are less than 10 characters. On some systems, 
the font path contains only long XLFD font names. It may be 
necessary either to set the resource xmfonts*maxLen to a
bigger number (80), and to specify a numColumns resource
of 1, or to add a fonts.alias file with the reserved keyword 
FILE_NAMES_ALIASES in your font directory.


2) For xmter, you'll have to tell your favorite window-manager
to remove all the window decorations. For mwm, it's already
done by the program itself.


3) xmform only handles the "MOTIF" capital letters, it's up 
to you to implement the rest, good luck for K,N,R,V,X,Y,Z :-)


4) xmgendi builds a GENeric DIalogbox for prompting for the answer
   to simple questions. Its first argument is used as a label for 
   the dialogbox. The rest of the arguments are used to label the buttons. 
   xmgendi.sh is provided as an example of use of xmgendi.


5) Motifanim.
This program demonstrates the following Motif features:
     - declaration of icon/bitmap using UIL for portability across visuals
     - exchange of value between UIL and C using Mrm.
     - use of the Motif form widget.
     - background procedure running while the client process
       is waiting for inputs (Xt intrinsics feature).
     
Motifanim allows the user to animate a set of pixmaps in an X window.
The pixmaps are not fixed by motifanim but instead read at startup from
existing UID files. 

The syntax of all the 'animation.uid' files follows some simple rules and
one can easily add a new set of pixmap to be animated using motifanim.

dog.uil, plane.uil and superman.uil are three examples of animation data 
files. (superman<N>.xbm are referenced in superman.uil). The default animation
is 'dog'. To run the demo using other animations, use:

% motifanim -anim plane
% motifanim -anim superman


6) Periodic:
Periodic is a demo of the displayable widgets in Motif.  
Periodic presents many Motif widgets for your visual and sensual enjoyment.

